README.md, before:

# blockchain-developer-bootcamp-final-project

### Shopping Center Contract
Isoko is a blockchain application that will be used to buy and sell articles.

#### Features

* Users should be able to upload an article, give a discription and a unit price

* Users should be able to buy an article

* Users should be able to add articles on a wishlist

* The Seller should be able to delete the uploaded article

* The wishlist owner should be able to remove an article from the list

#### Tools and Technologies
This application is being build using React.js for the frontend and Ethereum and Solidity for writing smart contracts.
Articles pictures are stored on IPFS.

#### Run the Project Locally
* Clone this repo on your local machine using this command `git clone https://github.com/mifeille/blockchain-developer-bootcamp-final-project.git`
* Make sure you have Node.js and Truffle suite installed on your machine
* Make sure you have Metamask or any other cryptocurrency wallet you can use to test and connect it to localhost, port 7545
* Create a new workspace on Ganache and link it to this project config file
* Run `npm i` to install all the dependencies
* Migrate smart contracts using this command `truffle migrate`, if you are not running the migrations for the first time please use `truffle migrate --reset`
* To run tests, please use `truffle test`, this project currently have 6 tests
* To start the application please run `npm start`

#### Project Screencast

To watch the appplication screencast, Please click [here](https://www.loom.com/share/b33b0d3c055d440ca68d821fbd060f72)

To see the application, Please click [here](https://mifeille.github.io/blockchain-developer-bootcamp-final-project/)

Commit message:

updated readme with the project structure

README.md, after:

# blockchain-developer-bootcamp-final-project

### Shopping Center Contract
Isoko is a blockchain application that will be used to buy and sell articles.

#### Features

* Users should be able to upload an article, give a discription and a unit price

* Users should be able to buy an article

* Users should be able to add articles on a wishlist

* The Seller should be able to delete the uploaded article

* The wishlist owner should be able to remove an article from the list

#### Tools and Technologies
This application is being build using React.js for the frontend and Ethereum and Solidity for writing smart contracts.
Articles pictures are stored on IPFS.

#### Directory Structure
The project has 4 main folders: migrations, public, src and test.
* Migrations thats hold the code to deploy smart contracts
* public for the frontend
* src that has 3 sub-folders, the first one is `abis` that contains the migrated contracts abis,
  the second one is `components` that has react components and the last one is contracts that has the smart contracts.
* test that has the smart contract tests

+-- _truffle-config.js
+-- _migrations
|   +-- 1_initial_migration.js
|   +-- 2_deploy_contracts.js
+-- _public
|   +-- favicon.ico
|   +-- index.html
|   +-- manifest.json
+-- _src
|   +-- abis
|   +-- components
|   +-- contracts
+-- _test
|   +-- Isoko.tes.js

To access the application frontend, Please click [here](https://mifeille.github.io/blockchain-developer-bootcamp-final-project/).


#### Run the Project Locally
* Clone this repo on your local machine using this command `git clone https://github.com/mifeille/blockchain-developer-bootcamp-final-project.git`
* Make sure you have Node.js and Truffle suite installed on your machine
* Make sure you have Metamask or any other cryptocurrency wallet you can use to test and connect it to localhost, port 7545
* Create a new workspace on Ganache and link it to this project config file
* Run `npm i` to install all the dependencies
* Migrate smart contracts using this command `truffle migrate`, if you are not running the migrations for the first time please use `truffle migrate --reset`
* To run tests, please use `truffle test`, this project currently have 6 tests
* To start the application please run `npm start`

#### Project Screencast

To watch the appplication screencast, Please click [here](https://www.loom.com/share/b33b0d3c055d440ca68d821fbd060f72).
